_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: 
permalink: /
subtitle: (almost) PhD Biomedical Engineer

profile:
  align: left
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: 
    <p>Lab 10.21 TN, IST</p>
    <p>Av. Rovisco Pais 1</p>
    <p>1049-001 Lisboa</p>

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
PhD finalist with nearly 6 years of research experience with 10+ papers in peer‐reviewed journals (700+ citations, around 80% Q1), 15+ collaborations, 5+ workshops (inc. NATO talk), and 5+ scientific fairs.

Besides scientific output, my work includes the end‐to‐end development of EmotiphAI, a platform for group physiological data collection, show‐cased at the European Commission’s Resonances III Fest, an online theatre in collaboration with Univ. Tartu, and others. This project underlined my multi‐faced skills in software architecture, front‐end and back‐end, and reflected my commitment to learning new technologies.

**Interests**: Applying artificial intelligence algorithms to analyze physiological signals for medical applications.

[Detailed Curriculum]({{ '/assets/pdf/cv.pdf' | relative_url }})

[comment]: # Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

[comment]: # Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

[comment]: # Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Improved about Me; Added Projects; Improved Publications

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: 
permalink: /
subtitle: MSc Biomedical Engineer

profile:
  align: left
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: 
    <p>Lab 10.21 TN, IST</p>
    <p>Av. Rovisco Pais 1</p>
    <p>1049-001 Lisboa</p>
    

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
selected_publications: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Specializing in the convergence of wearable devices, signal processing, and artificial intelligence.

&nbsp; <i class="fas fa-flask"></i> &nbsp;  6 years of research experience

&nbsp; <i class="fas fa-file-alt"></i>  &nbsp;  10+ peer-reviewed papers

&nbsp; <i class="fas fa-quote-right"></i> &nbsp;  800+ citations (~80% Q1)

&nbsp; <i class="fas fa-handshake"></i> &nbsp;  15+ academic and industry collaborations

&nbsp; <i class="fas fa-heartbeat"></i> &nbsp;  AI algorithms for analyzing physiological signals in medical applications



<!--[Detailed Curriculum]({{ '/assets/pdf/cv.pdf' | relative_url }})-->



[comment]: # Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

[comment]: # Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

[comment]: # Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
